What are the constraints of a Binary Search Tree?
Invariant: For all nodes x, if y is in the left subtree of x, then key of y is <= key of x.  If y is in the right subtree, key(y) >= key(x)
No more than two children per node


What is the big O lookup time for a value in a binary search tree?
O(h), which in a balanced tree would be O(log(n)), but without a guarantee of balance is only the tree height/depth

How can you find the maximum depth of a BST?
Max of the height of the children nodes + 1




Scheduling and binary search trees
Runway Reservation System problem:
Assume an airport with a single runway - how do you schedule those fuckers safely
This system is built for reservations, R, for future landings - so you have to be able to reserve requests for future landing time t
Add t to the set R if no other landings are scheduled within k minutes

Remove from set R as the plane lands - you would do this check at a regular interval to make sure that plane landings are removed
And we want to do operations in O(log(n)) time

Constraints - given k, no reservation can be made if it is less than k minutes from another reservation.  You cannot reserve a landing time in the past

Data structures not to use:
What can we do with an unsorted list?  Linear time for all operations
What can we do with a sorted array?  You can use binary search to get O(log(n)) insertion, but the actual insertion is going to be linear time
What about sorted list?  No binary search, even if you get constant time insertion
What about heaps?  min/max has a weaker gradient, and your search time for a heap to find the elements around k will be linear time
What about hashes?  Same issue as heaps - no good way to search

So, BST: node(x): key(x)
A Binary Search Tree has pointers, unlike a heap.
Pointers: Parent(x)
Invariant: For all nodes x, if y is in the left subtree of x, then key of y is <= key of x.  If y is in the right subtree, key(y) >= key(x)

Ex:
     30
    /  \
   17  40
  /  \
14    20

Insert is O(log(n)) because you literally just compare the number to the root node, determine if you go left or right based on the result (greater than or
less than) - and continue down until you get the number in the right place.  Therefore, insertion is O(height of tree), which is O(log2n)

Given the additional constraint of the problem, you can also do the comparison to make sure that you're not within k of the parent node
Which means you can reject an insertion if it violates the other constraint

Finding min and max in a BST - also O(height of tree), because finding max is "go to the left" and finding min is "go to the right"

Also, Augmented BSTs:
New req: Calculate Rank(t) - how many planes are scheduled to land at times <= t

First, we need to add more info to the node structure - augment BST structure - we're going to add a number that counts the numbers of nodes below the
node in the structure.  So on insert, we'll add a value to the node, the "size" of the subtree.  Subtree size of nodes without children are 1.  If a node
has two children with no children, it's 3.  If a node has children with children, it counts all the way down

For a delete method, you have to move pointers.

So, how does this help with rank(t)?  
1. Walk down the tree to find the desired time
2. Add in the nodes that are smaller
3. Add in the subtree sizes to the left

Traverse the tree, use the subtree counts, and add when you run into values smaller than the time



