What is Round Robin DNS binding?
You bind a DNS query to a given server in a server array so that people don't end up with inconsistent information or need to log into _each_ server

What issue arises regarding sessions when implementing a Load Balancer?
Your session token might be on server one, but server 2 or 3 don't have your session and you end up on those servers instead 
at some point and are asked to log in again. Or other information might not be saved on all servers

What is striping when talking about writing to a Hard drive?
Concurrent writing to multiple hard disks whenever you save data

What is RAID and what functionality can it give you?
RAID is Redundant Array of Independent Disks:  It gives you striping, mirroring, or both functionality in order to introduce efficient redundancy
into a multiple hard disk system

What is a symbol when talking about transmitting data?
A symbol is a state of a physical object that can be interpreted as a 1 or a 0 (or whatever else, there's probably some clever stuff that can be done)
in order to transmit interpretable information

How is information transmitted over wireless signal?
It is transmitted via radio waves - you oscillate voltage in the antenna quickly and transmit waves, and those waves have a sine curve.  If you invert
the sine wave, you get an alternate state, so you can get a 0 and 1 state from the inversion.

Networking!
How does an ethernet cable even work :O?
4 pairs of copper wires, apply voltage to two of the wires, and use variances in the voltage to send information - say you vary it between
0V and 5V - so you maybe have it send 0V for a second, and 5V for a second, and 0V for a second, etc.

The term for these voltages is symbols, and you can assign numbers such as 0 and 1 to those symbols.
The rate at which you send the signals is the symbol rate (baud is symbols per second)

So in practice?  ASCII is a way of mapping these symbols to characters - so is Unicode

So, what about Fiber optics?
Fiber strand in the middle of the cable, which is a tube of thin glass coated in another layer of glass called cladding
If you send laser light in through the cable, the refraction index will allow the light to travel through the cable
So, how do you encode?  Light is off, light is on

How does wireless work?
Your symbol is radio waves - the antenna oscillates the voltage quickly, maybe at something like 2.4Ghz, and this will emit radio waves
It will be a sine wave, and you can shift the phase a bit by inverting it, which gives you two modes to send ones and zeros

So, say we have two computers and want to send info between them:
Clock synchronization is an issue!  If the computers don't agree on the clock rate, then they'll garble the message (imagine trying to interpret morse
code when you miss the first couple das or dits, or without knowing the rate at which dots and dits happen)
So you can have a clock that just alternates 1s and 0s at the speed of transmission to confirm whether a 1 or 0 is being sent
Well, when it messes up, it's called a clock slip

Ways to sync - GPS antenna - allows you to synchronize to atomic clocks (disadvantages, need to mount an antenna to use this)
Having atomic clocks in the computer itself, fairly uncommon though
Another approach - send a separate signal to act as the clock, in addition to the actual data.  Problem with that is sufficiently fast data transmission
can lead to clock phasing - also possible for the propogation of electrons to be _slightly_ slower on one or the other

So a common solution?  Transmit the clock and the data on the same link, with additional symbols.
If we set the symbol for 1 to be "the transition to 5 Volts" and the symbol for 0 to be the "transition to 0 Volts" - and then the clock symbol is
5V and 0V
The way the differentiation is done is that the transition between states is a longer phase than the clock going up or down - this is Manchester coding


So, how is information encoded on a real network line?

Ethernet is connected to a 10-base T that allows you transmit data at 10 Megabits per second (Though ethernet also supports 100-base TX (100 MBit per sec),
as well as 1000 Base-T (1000 MBit per sec, or 1 GBit/sec)

The 1000 Base-T is the only one that uses all four pairs of wires - 10 and 100 use 2 wires

So, connected to an oscilloscope (which measures oscillations in voltage), we can see that stuff is happening and it is Manchester encoded

Each division is 100 nanoseconds in the oscilloscope
Symbol for 0 is a transition from a positive voltage to a negative voltage
Symbol for 1 is a transition from a negative voltage to a positive voltage





