 What happens when you type in www.google.com and hit enter?

 1. The browser checks the cache to see if it has a DNS record corresponding to the IP address of google.com
 More completely, it checks the browser cache, the OS cache, the router cache, and then the ISP cache.
 If the URL is not found in any of these caches:
 2. The ISP's DNS server starts a query for the URL
 (OR whichever DNS you are using - you might have set your DNS to be google's DNS instead of Comcast's)
 This is called a recursive search, the DNS server query goes from DNS server to DNS server until it finds the result or has tried everything and
 returns a 404 - the search goes through the levels of the domain - in the example, it will try the root server, then redirect to
 the .com DNS server, then google.com, then www.google.com, and if it finds it, it returns the IP.

 3.  After the URL is found, a TCP connection is initiated with the server
 A TCP/IP three-way handshake is initialized - the client and the server exchange SYN (synchronize) and ACK (acknowledge) messages
 The three steps are:
 a) Client machine sends a SYN packet to the server on the internet asking if it is open for new connections
 b) If the server has open ports that can accept and initiate new connections will respond with an ACKnowledgement of the SYN packet with a 
 SYN/ACK packet
 c) The client receives the SYN/ACK packet and responds with an ACK packet.

 4. The browser sends an HTTP request to the web server
 In the example, a GET request is sent by the client to the server once the connection is established.  The request will contain information in the
 header of the request (such as User-Agent, Authorization, and Accept headers) as well as connection headers asking to keep the connection open

 5. The server handles the request and sends back a response
 The request handler is a program that reads the request's header and cookies to check what is being requested, update the server if needed, and then
 assemble a response for the client to parse

 6. The server sends out the http response
 The response will contain the web page, the status code, compression type (content-encoding), how to cache the page (cache-control), cookies to set,
 privacy info, etc.

 7. The browser displays the HTML content
 This is done in stages - first it displays HTML content without scripts, then it requests additional elements like CSS styles, JS scripts, etc - then
 these get cached so that the browser doesn't have to request them every time the page is visited.  Lastly, it renders the page with all the bells and
 whistles.
